Assalamu Alaikum.

This is a simple paint application, created using C language on iGraphics. The publisher has created it in her first semester at Bangladesh University of Engineering and Technology. Full code is incredibly designed. If you see the source code, you will get to know that it is truly written using some variable declarations, conditional statements, and basic commands on iGraphics; not even a single loop statement!!! 

Let's have a look at the features of it.

After running the .exe, a window will appear with five major divisions--(i) five types of canvases at the top of the window, (ii) a big blank section for the selected canvas space, (iii) colour palette at the top right corner, (iv) different types of shapes below the colour palette, and (v) some necessary tools.

Canvas Selection: 
At first, there comes a blank space. If you wish to choose a canvas, simply left click once on the thumbnail of your preferred canvas. Whenever, you select any canvas, it will appear on that space, and there will be a green border around the thumbnail of that canvas. You can change the canvas multiple times and every time that will be kept on the previous canvas. 

Colour Palette:
The colour palette contains 117 built-in colours of beautiful shades with a blender tray. But as you might wish to blend different colours and make your own shade, the program works such that every time you select a colour from the palette, it will be blended with the previous active colour and then the final colour will be shown on the blender. During execution of the program, at any moment the colour you can see on the blender is  functioning for all the shapes, pen, brush, auto-fill, and all other methods. And most importantly, you have to just make a single left click on a colour to select it for blending. 

Shapes:
There are total 10 shapes. For each shape, you need to make a single left click on the shape icon to activate it. After activating it, make the shape on your canvas by dragging your mouse while keeping a press on the right button. As mentioned earlier, it will give you that shape in the activated colour (filled with colour/just bordered; depending on the state of auto-fill selection)  and desired size.

Tools:
All the five tools can be activated by simply making a left click on them. Pen is used for free hand drawing and its width is fixed. Brush is used for colouring, and for your convenience, its width can be increased up to 20 pixels by pressing the '+' key on the keyboard. Again, its width can be decreased till 3 pixels by pressing the '-' key on the keyboard. Eraser will appear in accordance with the selected canvas. The autofill works together with an activated shape. It helps you create filled shapes. To utilize it, first you need to choose any shape and then make a SINGLE left click on the auto-fill icon (a paint bucket). Actually, a single left click on the paint bucket toggles the state of the auto-fill selection; and hence let you make colour-filled or just bordered shapes. Enjoy it!! The text-editor is designed simply to type single characters on the canvas, for example, if you want to write 'A' on the canvas, then at first you need to left click on the text-editor icon, then left click on the canvas point where you want to put the letter and finally press 'A' on the keyboard. This tool supports total 52 alphabets in English along with a group of five special characters (blank space, full stop, question mark, comma, and mark of exclamation). 

These are the main features of this program.

However, there are two major inconveniences  of this wonderful application. First one is: it does not have any option to save the picture you have drawn so beautifully, therefore either you have to take a screenshot of this picture or leave it when exiting the executable file. The second one is: it does not have any UNDO option. Hence you will have to cancel the whole picture drawn so far in case something terrible happens!!! But, of course, you can erase and make corrections,  though your picture will no longer exist if you select a new canvas during drawing. Actually, it is compatible with the real world. In real world, whenever you change your canvas, your past drawings can never be shifted on the new one and so is in this application!!! But you know, the greatest advantage of this program is that there is no limit or restriction on how many shapes you can create or how many times you can modify your drawing. So it greatly saves the memory consumption.

Happy drawing. Keep the publisher in your dua and thanks a lot for using this application!